README.md, before:

![webgpu-napi](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1641613/73613765-d35ab600-45c6-11ea-813d-252444ec16eb.png)
# webgpu

This is a WebGPU API for native JavaScript, based on a [Fork](https://github.com/maierfelix/dawn-ray-tracing) of Chromium's [Dawn Project](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/).

### Platforms:

This project comes with pre-built N-API binaries for the following platforms:

|       OS      |     Status    |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/FF3Ssp6.png" alt="" height="16px">  Windows       | ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ✔ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌|
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/bkBCY7V.png" alt="" height="16px">  Linux         | ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌✔ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌|
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/iPt4GHz.png" alt="" height="16px">  MacOS         | ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ✔ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌|


## Minimum Requirements

Node 11.x


## Building

You have to build [dawn](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn) as a shared library.
After building dawn, create a file named `PATH_TO_DAWN` in this project's root, containing the path to dawn.

Now in order to generate the bindings and build this project, run:
````
npm run all --dawnversion=0.0.1
````

### Windows

Follow dawn's initial setup instructions, but instead of the standard build, do the following:

To generate the project as a shared library using MSVS:
````
gn gen out/Shared --ide=vs --target_cpu="x64" --args="is_component_build=true is_debug=false is_clang=false"
````
It's important that you build using MSVS and **not** clang, as otherwise you will potentially get linking errors.

To build the project run:
````
ninja -C out/Shared
````

### Linux 


Follow dawn's initial setup instructions, but instead of the standard build, do the following:

To generate the project as a shared library:
````
gn gen out/Shared --target_cpu="x64" --args="is_component_build=true is_debug=false is_clang=true"
````

To build the project run:
````
ninja -C out/Shared
````

Set your LD_LIBRARY_PATH to point to the dawn system libraries for your system eg:
````
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/your-path-to-dawn/build/linux/debian_sid_amd64-sysroot/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu
````


For much faster WebGPU API npm build (optional - uses all your CPU threads):
````
export JOBS=max
````


### MacOS

Follow dawn's initial setup instructions, but instead of the standard build, do the following:

To generate the project as a shared library:
````
gn gen out/Shared --target_cpu="x64" --args="is_component_build=true is_debug=false is_clang=true"
````

To build the project run:
````
ninja -C out/Shared
````

## Examples
````
cd examples & npm install & cd ..
node --experimental-modules examples/interactive-triangle.mjs
````

## TODOs
 - Add CTS
 - Remove libshaderc from build?
 - Rework GPUBuffer, mainly the mapping part
 - Research for a better Error callback system
 - Add ArrayBuffer neutering to GPUBuffer on unmapping ([this issue](https://github.com/nodejs/node-addon-api/issues/541) previously blocked me to add it)

Commit message:

Update for libvulkan.so dependency on Linux. Dawn does not statically link this library. Signed-off-by: dcerisano <dcerisano@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

![webgpu-napi](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1641613/73613765-d35ab600-45c6-11ea-813d-252444ec16eb.png)
# webgpu

This is a WebGPU API for native JavaScript, based on a [Fork](https://github.com/maierfelix/dawn-ray-tracing) of Chromium's [Dawn Project](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn/).

### Platforms:

This project comes with pre-built N-API binaries for the following platforms:

|       OS      |     Status    |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/FF3Ssp6.png" alt="" height="16px">  Windows       | ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ✔ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌|
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/bkBCY7V.png" alt="" height="16px">  Linux         | ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌✔ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌|
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/iPt4GHz.png" alt="" height="16px">  MacOS         | ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ✔ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌|


## Minimum Requirements

Node 11.x


## Building

You have to build [dawn](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn) as a shared library.
After building dawn, create a file named `PATH_TO_DAWN` in this project's root, containing the path to dawn.

Now in order to generate the bindings and build this project, run:
````
npm run all --dawnversion=0.0.1
````

### Windows

Follow dawn's initial setup instructions, but instead of the standard build, do the following:

To generate the project as a shared library using MSVS:
````
gn gen out/Shared --ide=vs --target_cpu="x64" --args="is_component_build=true is_debug=false is_clang=false"
````
It's important that you build using MSVS and **not** clang, as otherwise you will potentially get linking errors.

To build the project run:
````
ninja -C out/Shared
````

### Linux 


Follow dawn's initial setup instructions, but instead of the standard build, do the following:

To generate the project as a shared library:
````
gn gen out/Shared --target_cpu="x64" --args="is_component_build=true is_debug=false is_clang=true"
````

To build the project run:
````
ninja -C out/Shared
````

If you do not have Vulkan installed on your system:
````
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/your-path-to-dawn/build/linux/debian_sid_amd64-sysroot/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu
````


For much faster WebGPU API npm build (optional - uses all your CPU threads):
````
export JOBS=max
````


### MacOS

Follow dawn's initial setup instructions, but instead of the standard build, do the following:

To generate the project as a shared library:
````
gn gen out/Shared --target_cpu="x64" --args="is_component_build=true is_debug=false is_clang=true"
````

To build the project run:
````
ninja -C out/Shared
````

## Examples
````
cd examples & npm install & cd ..
node --experimental-modules examples/interactive-triangle.mjs
````

## TODOs
 - Add CTS
 - Remove libshaderc from build?
 - Rework GPUBuffer, mainly the mapping part
 - Research for a better Error callback system
 - Add ArrayBuffer neutering to GPUBuffer on unmapping ([this issue](https://github.com/nodejs/node-addon-api/issues/541) previously blocked me to add it)
